Iron & Steel
1911
Japan
Hiroya Kawasaki
36,019
$17B
Kobe
Kobe Steel, Ltd. engages in the manufacture, production, and sale of iron and steel. Its operations are carried out through the following business segments: Iron and Steel, Welding, Aluminum and Copper, Machinery, Engineering, Kobelco Eco-Solutions, Kobelco Construction Machinery, Kobelco Cranes, and Other Businesses. The Iron and Steel Business segment includes steel wire rods and bars, steel sheets, steel billets, steel castings and forgings, titanium and titanium alloys, foundry pig iron, slag products, stainless steelRead More tube, construction materials, and other specialty steel products. The Welding Business segment provides welding materials, welding systems, high functional materials and related services. The Aluminum and Copper Business segment covers aluminum sheets and plates, aluminum extrusions and fabricated products, aluminum castings and forgings, copper sheets and strips and copper tubes. The Machinery Business segment provides tire and rubber machinery, plastic processing machinery, advanced technology equipment, metalworking machinery, nonstandard compressors, standard compressors, chemical and energy equipment, nuclear power equipment and related services. The Engineering Business segment includes ironmaking processes, iron ore-pelletizing system, nuclear power products, chemical weapons destruction services, steel structures and sabo, urban transit systems and upgrading of low-rank coal. The Kobelco Eco Solutions Business segment provides water treatment products, cooling towers, waste treatment and recycling, process equipment and environmental analysis. The Kobelco Construction Machinery Business segment covers construction equipment, construction recycling machinery, metal recycling machinery, resource recycling machinery and forestry machinery. The Kobelco Cranes Business segment includes crawler cranes, wheel cranes, specialized base machines for engineering and foundation work, and work vessels. The Other Businesses segment provides real estate development, construction, sales, brokering and remodeling, material analysis and testing, structural assessment, manufacture and sale of sputtering targets. The company was founded on September 1, 1905 and is headquartered in Kobe, Japan.