Tobacco
1910
India
Sanjiv Puri
25,564
$8.7B
Kolkata
ITC Ltd. operates as a multi-business conglomerate company in India. It has diverse business operations in cigarettes, hotels, paperboards, papers and packaging, agri-business, information technology, apparel, personal care, stationery, and other fast moving consumable goods products. The company operates in the following segments: Fast Moving Consumable Goods, Hotels, Paperboards, Paper & Packaging and Agri Business. The Fast Moving Consumable Goods segment operates through the following divisions: Cigarettes and Cigars,Read More Foods, Lifestyle Retailing, Personal Care, Education and Stationary, Safety Matches and Agarbattis. The Cigarettes and Cigars division offers a wide range of cigarettes in India. Its brand portfolio comprises of Insignia, India Kings, Lucky Strike, Classic, Gold Flake, Navy Cut, Players, Scissors, Capstan, Berkeley, Bristol and Flake, Silk Cut and Duke. The Food division offers ready to eat foods, staples, confectionery and snack foods. The Lifestyle Retailing division offers wardrobe and apparels through Wills Lifestyle. The Personal Care division offers a portfolio of personal care products under the brand names Essenza Di Wills, Fiama Di Wills, Vivel UltraPro, Vivel and Superia. The Education and Stationery division manufactures Elemental Chlorine Free pulp, paper and paperboard. The Safety Matches division offers Indian consumer's safety match boxes through a range of brands including i Kno, Mangaldeep, Stylites, Aim and Aim Mega. The Agarbattis division engages in the marketing of incense sticks. Through its brand, Mangaldeep Agarbattis, the company offers a wide range of fragrances such as Rose, Jasmine, Bouquet, Sandalwood, Madhur, Durbar, Anushri and Mogra. The Hotels segment provides hospitality services through a chain of luxury hotels, which operate under ITC Hotels brand name. The Paperboards, Paper & Packaging segment engages in paper and paperboards business, catering to a wide spectrum of packaging, graphic, communication, writing, printing and specialty paper requirements. It also provides packaging solutions for the food and beverage, personal products, cigarette, liquor and consumer goods industries. The Agri Business segment engages in the export of agri-products. It currently focuses on export and domestic trading of feed ingredients, food grains, marine products, processed fruits, coffee and spices. The company was founded on August 24, 1910 and is headquartered in Kolkata, India.