Regional Banks
1998
Indonesia
Kartika Wirjoatmodjo
38,307
$8.1B
Jakarta
PT Bank Mandiri (Persero) Tbk engages in the provision of general banking services. It operates through the following segments: Corporate; Commercial and Business; Micro and Retail; Consumer; Treasury, Financial Institution and Special Assets Management (SAM); Institutional Banking; Head Office; Shariah Subsidiary; Insurance Subsidiary; and Other Than Shariah and Insurance Subsidiaries. The Corporate segment includes loans, deposits, and other transactions by corporate customers. The Commercial and Business segment consistsRead More of loans, deposits, and other transactions by commercial and business banking customers. The Micro and Retail segment focuses on products and services for individual customers in micro and retail segments including loans, deposits, payment transactions, and other transactions. The Consumer segment represents consumer financing business such as housing loans, credit cards, and other transactions by consumer customers. The Treasury, Financial Institution and SAM segment undertakes treasury activities such as foreign exchange, money market, fixed income business, international business banking, capital market, Cayman Islands branch operations, non-performing loans and abandoned properties management. The Institutional Banking segment handles deposits and other transactions with government related entities, which are not undertaken by other segments. The Head Office segment manages group's assets and liabilities that are not managed by other segments, act as cost center for providing central shared services to other segments, and absorb costs that are not allocated to other segments. The Shariah Subsidiary segment comprises all transactions done by a Shariah banking subsidiary. The Insurance Subsidiary segment includes all transactions done by a subsidiary which engages in life insurance and general insurance. The Other Than Shariah and Insurance Subsidiaries segment consists all transactions undertaken by subsidiaries engaging in consumer financing, remittances, securities, and banking. The company was founded on October 2, 1998 and is headquartered in Jakarta, Indonesia.