Trading Companies
1950
Japan
Takehiko Kakiuchi
5,000
$68.3B
Tokyo
Mitsubishi Corp. engages in the provision of services utilizing the function of general trading. It operates through the following segments: Global Environmental and Infrastructure, Industrial Finance, Logistics and Development, Energy Business, Metals, Machinery, Chemicals, Living Essentials, and Others. The Global Environmental and Infrastructure handles trade and related business operations in power generation, water, transportation, and other necessary infrastructure. It also manufactures lithium-ion batteries forRead More vehicles and electricity storage. The Industrial Finance, Logistics and Development segment deals with asset management, infrastructure financing, corporate financing, and leasing. It also provides solutions in construction and real estate development focusing on commercial facilities and urban development, condominium development, and logistics. The Energy Business explores, develops and produces natural gas, crude oil, petroleum products, petroleum coke, coal coke, carbon products, and liquefied petroleum gas. It also develop and invests in oil and gas projects. The Metals segment supplies steel products, non-ferrous metals, and ferrous raw materials. It also undertakes ventures in precious metals like platinum and palladium. The Machinery segment handles industrial machinery, shipping, defense and aerospace, motor vehicles and Isuzu business. It also includes machine tools, agricultural machinery, construction and mining equipment, elevators and escalators, ships, space-related equipment, and automobiles. The Chemicals segment supplies chemical products that includes raw materials for synthetic resins and fibers, chemical fertilizers, inorganic raw materials, industrial salts, plastics, electronic materials, and life science products. The Living Essentials segment provides consumer necessities connected with clothing, food and housing. This includes food, textile, daily necessities, healthcare, distribution and retail. The Others segment represents services and operational support of corporate staff departments to the company and its affiliates; income and expenses from financial and personnel-related activities; and cash and securities for financial and investment activities. The company was founded by Yataro Iwasaki in 1873 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.