Diversified Chemicals
1863
Germany
Werner Baumann
99,762
$44.4B
Leverkusen
Bayer AG is engages in the development, manufacture and distribution of products in the areas of health care, nutrition and high-tech materials. It operates through the Healthcare, Crop Science and Material Science subgroups, which are supported by three service companies. The Healthcare subgroup consists of the Pharmaceuticals and Consumer Health segments. The Pharmaceuticals segment consists of two business units focusing on prescription products: General Medicine, primarily comprising women's healthcare andRead More cardiovascular health products; and Specialty Medicine, comprising medicines that are mainly prescribed by specialist physicians. The Consumer Health segment includes the Consumer Care, Medical Care and Animal Health divisions. The Consumer Care Division focuses on non-prescription medicines, dietary supplements, and dermatology products. The Medical Care division comprises the businesses with blood glucose meters, contrast-enhanced diagnostic imaging equipment together with the necessary contrast agents, and mechanical systems for treating constricted or blocked blood vessels. The Animal Health division manufactures products for livestock and companion animals. The CropScience subgroup consists of two operating segments: Crop Protection / BioScience and Environmental Science. The Crop Protection segment includes herbicides, fungicides, insecticides and seed treatment units, while BioScience focuses on seeds and plant traits. The Environmental segment offers non-agricultural pest and weed control products. The MaterialScience subgroup develops, manufactures and distributes high-performance products in the areas of polyurethanes, polycarbonates, coating and adhesive raw materials, and functional films. It consists of the Polyurethanes, Polycarbonates, and Coatings, Adhesives, Specialties business units, and the Industrial Operations area. The firm's subgroups are supported by the Business Services, Technology Services and Currenta service companies. The company was founded by Friedrich Bayer and Johann Friedrich Westkott on August 1, 1863 and is headquartered in Leverkusen, Germany.