Heavy Equipment
1837
United States
Sam Allen
60,500
$30.5B
Moline, Illinois
Deere & Co. manufactures and distributes a complete line of equipment used in agriculture, construction, forestry, and turf care. It also manufactures engines and other power train components. The company also provides credit and other services to customers around the world. It operates its business through the following segments: Agriculture & Turf, Construction & Forestry, and Financial Services. The Agriculture & Turf segment primarily manufactures and distributes a full line of agriculture and turf equipment and relatedRead More service parts, including large, medium and utility tractors; loaders; combines, corn pickers, cotton and sugarcane harvesters and related front-end equipment and sugarcane loaders; tillage, seeding and application equipment, including sprayers, nutrient management and soil preparation machinery; hay and forage equipment, including self-propelled forage harvesters and attachments, balers and mowers; turf and utility equipment, including riding lawn equipment and walk-behind mowers, golf course equipment, utility vehicles, and commercial mowing equipment, along with a broad line of associated implements; integrated agricultural management systems technology; precision agricultural irrigation equipment and supplies; landscape and nursery products; and other outdoor power products. The Construction & Forestry segment primarily manufactures and distributes machines and service parts used in construction, earthmoving, material handling and timber harvesting, including backhoe loaders; crawler dozers and loaders; four-wheel-drive loaders; excavators; motor graders; articulated dump trucks; landscape loaders; skid-steer loaders; and log skidders, feller bunchers, log loaders, log forwarders, log harvesters and related attachments. The Financial Services segment primarily finances sales and leases by dealers of new and used agriculture and turf equipment and construction & forestry equipment. This segment also provides wholesale financing to dealers of the foregoing equipment, finances retail revolving charge accounts and operating loans and offers crop risk mitigation products and extended equipment warranties. Deere was founded by John Deere in 1837 and is headquartered in Moline, IL.