Regional Banks
1997
Malaysia
Khairussaleh Ramli
17,755
$2.5B
Kuala Lumpur
RHB Capital Bhd. is an investment holding company, which provides financial services such as commercial banking, Islamic banking, investment banking, stock broking, leasing, offshore banking, offshore trust services, general insurance, unit trust management, asset management, and nominee and custodian services. It operates through the following business segments: Corporate and Investment Banking (CIB), Retail Banking, Business Banking, Group Treasury, Group International Business, and Support Center and Others. The CIBRead More segment caters to funding and lending needs of corporate customers including public listed corporations and its related activities, multinational corporations, financial institutions, and government and state owned enterprises. The Retail Banking segment focuses on providing products and services to individual customers such as credit facilities, remittances, deposits collection, and investment related products. The Business Banking segment offers funding needs as well as deposit collection from small and medium sized enterprises and wholesale clients. The Group Treasury segment operates proprietary and non-proprietary trading in fixed-income securities and foreign exchange; derivatives trading and structuring; managing customer-based foreign exchange and money market transactions; and funding and investments in Ringgit and foreign currencies for the group. The Group International Business segment provides commercial banking related products and services tailored to specific needs of the customers in foreign countries where the group has operations. The Support Center and Others segment comprise results from other business segments in the group such as nominee services, property investment, rental of premises, other related financial services, funding center of the commercial banking subsidiary, and investment holding. The company was founded on August 24, 1994 is headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.