Electronics
1910
Japan
Gab-Han Yoon
335,244
$84.5B
Tokyo
Hitachi Ltd. engages in the manufacture of electronic and electrical equipment. It operates through the following segments: Information and Telecommunication Systems; Power Systems; Social Infrastructure Transportation and Industrial Systems; Electronic Systems and Equipment; Construction Machinery; High Functional Materials and Components; Automotive Systems; Digital Media and Consumer Products; Financial Services, and Others. The Information and Telecommunication Systems segment offers systems integration, outsourcingRead More services, software, disk array subsystems, servers, mainframes, telecommunications equipment, and automated teller machine (ATM) services. The Power Systems segment includes thermal, nuclear, hydroelectric, and wind power generation systems. The Social Infrastructure Transportation and Industrial Systems segment provides infrastructure products and services, industrial equipment, and energy-saving solutions that help to reduce environmental impact and promote urban development. The Electronic Systems and Equipment segment manufactures semiconductor, liquid crystal display (LCD),  test and measurement equipment, medical electronics equipment, power tools, and electronic parts manufacturing systems. The Construction Machinery segment offers products for civil engineering and construction, building and structural demolition, mining and excavation such as hydraulic excavators, wheel loaders, and mining dump trucks. The High Functional Materials and Components segment produces wires and cables, semiconductor and display-related materials, circuit boards and materials, specialty steels, magnetic materials and components, and high grade casting components and materials. The Automotive Systems segment offers engine management systems, electric power train systems, drive control systems, and car information systems. The Digital Media and Consumer Products segment offers digital media products and home appliances such as optical disk drives, flat-panel television sets, LCD projectors, room air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, and air-conditioning equipment. The Financial Services segment provides leases, loan guarantees and insurance services, and conducts business in the area of securitization. The Others segment offers logistics and property management services. The company was founded by Namihei Odaira in 1910 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.