Trading Companies
1948
Japan
Jun Karube
50,423
$58.6B
Nagoya
Toyota Tsusho Corp. engages in the manufacture and sale of metals, machinery, chemicals, and food products. It operates through the following segments: Metals; Global Production Parts and Logistics; Automotive; Machinery, Energy, and Project; Chemicals and Electronics; Produce and Foodstuffs; Consumer Products, Services, and Materials; and Others. The Metals segment manufactures, processes, sells, and disposes ordinary and special steel products, non-ferrous and precious metals, copper and copper alloy products, rare earthRead More materials, and new metals. The Global Production Parts and Logistics segment ensures stable supply of automotive parts and utilizes integrated logistics services encompassing packaging, marine container transport, sorting, reloading, and final delivery. The Automotive segment sells and provides services for passenger, commercial, light, and two-wheeled vehicles, trucks and buses, and automotive parts. The Machinery, Energy, and Project segment handles various machinery and equipment, industrial vehicles, and construction machinery; procures basic energy resources such as petroleum, coal, and natural gas; and provides integrated support functions. The Chemicals and Electronics segment plans and provides technological development and quality management in the chemical, electronic, and information technology fields. The Produce and Foodstuffs segment manufactures, processes, and sells livestock feeds, grains, processed food products, food ingredients, agricultural, marine, livestock, and alcoholic beverages. The Consumer Products, Services, and Materials segment covers products and services related to lifestyle, industrial materials, insurance, textile products, real estate development, and automotive accessories and materials. The Others segment includes functional services which provide operation support to the whole group. The company was founded on July 1, 1948 and is headquartered in Nagoya, Japan.