Specialized Chemicals
United States
Seifi Ghasemi
10,200
$2.5B
Princeton, New Jersey
Rockwood Holdings, Inc. develops, manufactures and markets high value-added specialty chemicals and advanced materials used for industrial and commercial purposes. The company operates its business through five segments: Lithium, Surface Treatment, Performance Additives, Titanium Dioxide Pigments and Advanced Ceramics. The Lithium segment operates under the Rockwood Lithium brand name and develops lithium chemicals for a wide range of industries and end markets. This segment develops and manufactures a broad range of basicRead More lithium compounds, including lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, lithium chloride, and value added lithium specialties and reagents, including butyllithium and lithium aluminum hydride. Lithium is a key component in products and processes used in a variety of applications and industries, which range from lithium batteries, high performance greases, and thermoplastic elastomers for car tires, rubber soles and plastic bottles to intermediates in the pharmaceutical industry. The Surface Treatment segment operates under the chemetall brand name and develops and manufactures metal surface treatment products and services for a wide range of industries and end markets. This segment supplies surface treatment products and solutions for metal processing industries and also develops and supplies products and solutions for the chemical pre-treatment of metals and other substrates, some of which are customized for individual customers and applications. The Performance Additives segment consists of business lines which develop and manufacture a range of specialty chemicals used in industrial and consumer products and processes to enhance performance or create unique characteristics. This segment manufactures and markets products that are based on a focused research and development effort and a strong technology base. The Titanium Dioxide Pigments segment operates under the sachtleben brand name and is a leading producer of high quality chemical products with a unique range of small inorganic particles that add significant value to customers' products and reduce the cost of customers' production processes. The Advanced Ceramics segment operates under the ceramtec brand name and is a leading global producer of high-performance advanced ceramics materials and products. Advanced Ceramics serves four principal end-markets, which include medical, electronics, industrial and automotive, with strong market positions in various niche markets such as medical products, cutting tools and mechanical applications. Rockwood Holdings was founded in September 2000 and is headquartered in Princeton, NJ.