Heavy Equipment
1897
Finland
Jaakko-Veikko Eskola
18,065
$5.8B
Helsinki
W채rtsil채 Oyj Abp provides power solutions for the marine and energy markets. The company handles two business areas: Ship Power, Power Plants and Services. The Ship Power business operates through five segments: Merchant, Offshore, Cruise and Ferry, Special Vessels and Navy. The Power Plant business operates through the following product segments: Flexible Baseload, Grid Stability and Peaking, Industrial Self-Generation and the Oil & Gas Industry. The Flexible Baseload segment optimizes power plants for baseload operations.Read More The Grid Stability and Peaking segment sets power plants for peaking and load following solutions. The Industrial Self-Generation segment also uses power plants for baseload operations and the Oil & Gas Industry segment handles oil and gas operations. It also offers exhaust gas cleaning systems; gas handling systems; and LPG systems and tank control systems, as well as process solutions, including specialized LNG projects. The company provides gears for marine uses; inerting gas solutions; oil separation systems; integrated products for service power generation and diesel-electric propulsion; and propulsor solutions comprising propellers, thrusters, and waterjets. It offers pumps and valves for liquid cargo handling; seals, bearings, and stern tubes; and waste, oil, and fresh water management solutions. The company provides basic support services, such as original equipment manufacturer spare parts, tools, consumables, field services, workshop and reconditioning services, and technical services; and installation, commissioning, performance optimization, upgrades, conversions, and environmental solutions. The company offers its products and services to companies operating in merchant, offshore, cruise and ferry, navy, and special vessel segments. It serves utilities, independent power producers, and industrial customers. W채rtsil채 was founded on April 12, 1834 and is headquartered in Helsinki, Finland.