Household/Personal Care
1954
United States
Philip Falcone
23
$5.7B
New York, New York
Harbinger Group, Inc. is a diversified holding company. The company's principal operations are conducted through subsidiaries that offer life insurance and annuity products and branded consumer products such as batteries, pet supplies, home and garden control products, personal care and small appliances. It intends to pursue investment opportunities in consumer products, insurance and financial products, telecommunications, agriculture, power generation and water and natural resources sectors. It operates its business intoRead More two segments: Consumer Products through Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. and Insurance through Fidelity & Guaranty Life Holdings, Inc. The Consumer Products segment through Spectrum Brands is a diversified global branded consumer products company with positions in seven major product categories: consumer batteries; pet supplies; home and garden control products; electric shaving and grooming; small appliances; electric personal care; and portable lighting. Spectrum Brands manufactures and markets alkaline, zinc carbon and hearing aid batteries, herbicides, insecticides and repellants and specialty pet supplies. Spectrum Brands designs and markets rechargeable batteries and chargers, shaving and grooming products, small household appliances, personal care products and portable lighting products, substantially all of which are manufactured by third-party suppliers, primarily located in Asia. The Insurance segment through Fidelity & Guaranty Life Holdings is a provider of annuity and life insurance products to the middle and upper-middle income markets in the United States. Fidelity & Guaranty Life Holdings operates in the United States through its subsidiaries Fidelity & Guaranty Life Insurance Co. and Fidelity & Guaranty Life Insurance Co. of New York. Its principal products are deferred annuities, including fixed indexed annuities; immediate annuities; and life insurance products. The company was founded in 1954 and is headquartered in New York, NY.