Iron & Steel
1847
United States
Gary Halverson
7,138
$5.6B
Cleveland, Ohio
Cliffs Natural Resources, Inc. operates as an international mining and natural resources company, which is engaged in the exploration and production of iron ore and high and low volatile metallurgical coal. It is organized through a global commercial group responsible for sales and delivery of Cliffs' products and a global operations group responsible for the production of the minerals. The company's primary operations are organized and managed according to product category and geographic locations: U.S. Iron Ore, EasternRead More Canadian Iron Ore, North American Coal, Asia Pacific Iron Ore, Asia Pacific Coal, Latin American Iron Ore, Ferroalloys and Global Exploration Group. The U.S. Iron Ore segment is comprised of the company's interests in five U.S. ore mines, located in Michigan and Minnesota; five metallurgical coal mines, located in West Virginia and Alabama and one thermal coal mine located in West Virginia that provides iron ore to the integrated steel industry. The Eastern Canadian Iron Ore segment is comprised of two Eastern Canadian mines that primarily provide iron ore to the seaborne market for Asian steel producers. The North American Coal segment is comprised of five metallurgical coal mines and one thermal coal mine that provide metallurgical coal primarily to the integrated steel industry and thermal coal primarily to the energy industry. The Asia Pacific Iron Ore segment is comprised of two iron ore mining complexes in Western Australia, serving the Asian iron ore markets with direct-shipping fines and lump ore. It provides iron ore to steel producers in China and Japan. This segment also has economic interest in a coking and thermal coal mine located in Queensland, Australia. The Latin American Iron Ore operating segment is comprised of the company's interest in Amapa located in Brazil. The Ferroalloys operating segment is comprised of the company's interests in chromite deposits held by Freewest and Spider in Northern Ontario, Canada. The Global Exploration Group segment is focused on early involvement in exploration activities to identify new world-class projects for future development or projects that add significant value to existing operations. The company was founded in 1847 and is headquartered in Cleveland, OH.