Major Banks
1968
United Kingdom
Ross McEwan
71,200
$21.5B
Edinburgh
Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc operates as an international banking and financial services company that provides a wide range of products and services to personal, commercial, and large corporate and institutional customers through its two principal subsidiaries: The Royal Bank of Scotland Plc and National Westminster Bank Plc as well as through a number of other well-known brands including Citizens, Charter One, Ulster Bank, Coutts, Direct Line and Churchill. The company operates through the following segments include:Read More Personal & Business Banking, comprising two reportable segments, UK Personal & Business Banking, including Williams & Glyn, and Ulster Bank. The Commercial & Private Banking, comprising two reportable segments, Commercial Banking and Private Banking, The Corporate & Institutional Banking. The UK Personal & Business Banking segment offers a comprehensive range of banking products and related financial services to the UK personal and small business market. The Ulster Bank segment is a retail and commercial bank in Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. It provides a comprehensive range of financial services through both its Retail Banking division, which provides loan and deposit products through a network of branches and direct channels, and its Corporate Banking division, which provides services to businesses and corporate customers. The Commercial Banking provides banking, finance and risk management services to the commercial, mid-corporate and corporate sector in the UK. The Private Banking segment provides banking and wealth management services in the UK through Coutts & Co and Adam & Company, offshore through RBS International, and Isle of Man Bank and internationally through Coutts & Co Ltd. The Corporate & Institutional Banking segment serves its corporate and institutional clients primarily in the UK and Western Europe, as well as those U.S. and Asian multinationals with substantial trade and investment links in the region, with debt financing, risk management and trade services, focusing on core product capabilities that are of most relevance to clients. Royal Bank of Scotland Group was founded on March 25, 1968 and is headquartered in Edinburgh, the United Kingdom.