Conglomerates
1946
South Africa
Mark Lamberti
51,007
$10.2B
Bedfordview
Imperial Holdings Ltd. operates as an investment holding company with interest in retail, logistics, car rental, leasing, insurance, parts and industrial products distribution, and financial services. The company through its subsidiaries operates its business under seven segments making up the three major operating divisions: Logistics includes Africa (including South Africa) and International; Automotive and Industrial includes Distribution, Retail and Allied Services, Automotive Retail and Other Segment; FinancialRead More Services includes Insurance and Other Financial Services. In Logistics division, the Africa (including South Africa) segment provides logistics solutions including transportation, warehousing, container handling and related value-added services within Africa; and the International segment provides logistics solutions including transportation, warehousing, inland waterway shipping, container handling, manufacturing and packaging of materials and related value-added services within Europe. In Automotive and Industrial division, the Distribution, Retail and Allied Services segment imports and distributes a range of passenger, commercial vehicles, industrial equipment and motorcycles and includes vehicle dealerships in South Africa and Australia; the Automotive Retail segment consists of a network of motor vehicle and commercial vehicle dealerships in South Africa and represents most of the major original equipment manufacturers and commercial vehicle dealerships in the united kingdom. This segment manufactures and sells caravans and canopies. Other segment engages in car rental business consists of vehicle rental operations spanning the domestic corporate sector, domestic and international leisure sectors, with extensive support services. This segment also includes the sale of pre-owned vehicles. The Autoparts business is involved in wholesaling and distributing vehicle parts and accessories. In Financial Services division, the Insurance segment comprises insurance operations which are focused on a range of short, medium and long-term insurance and assurance products that are associated with the automotive market and includes cell captive arrangements. The Other Financial Services segment comprises the sale of warranty and maintenance products associated with the automotive market, income from joint ventures on the sale of financial services and commission factoring operations. Imperial Holdings was founded February 15, 1946 and is headquartered in Bedfordview, South Africa.