Life & Health Insurance
1875
United States
John Robert Strangfeld, Jr.
49,705
$61.1B
Newark, New Jersey
Prudential Financial, Inc. provides financial products and services including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management to individual and institutional customers through proprietary and third-party distribution networks. It operates through the following divisions: U.S. Retirement Solutions and Investment Management; U.S. Individual Life and Group Insurance; International Insurance; Closed Block; and Corporate and Other operations. The U.S. Retirement Solutions andRead More Investment Management division consists of its Individual Annuities, Retirement and Asset Management segments. The U.S. Individual Life and Group Insurance division consists of its Individual Life and Group Insurance segments. The International Insurance division consists of its International Insurance segment. The Closed Block division consists of its Closed Block segment. The Corporate and Other operations include businesses that have been or will be divested. The Individual Annuities segment offers both variable and fixed annuities that may include guaranteed living or death benefits. The Retirement segment manufactures and distributes products and provides administrative services for qualified and non-qualified retirement plans and offers innovative pension risk transfer solutions, investment-only stable value products, guaranteed investment contracts, funding agreements, institutional and retail notes, structured settlement annuities and other group annuities. The Individual Life offers individual variable life, term life and universal life insurance products primarily to the U.S. mass middle, mass affluent and affluent markets. The Group Insurance segment involves a full range of group life, long-term and short-term group disability, and group corporate-, bank and trust-owned life insurance in the U.S. primarily to institutional clients for use in connection with employee plans and affinity groups. The International Insurance segment comprises of individual life insurance, retirement and related products to the mass affluent and affluent markets in Japan, Korea, and other foreign countries through its Life Planner operations. The Corporate and Other Operations segment includes items and initiatives that are not allocated to business segments, and divested businesses. The Closed Block segment involves in force participating insurance and annuity products and corresponding assets that are used for the payment of benefits, expenses and policyholders' dividends related to these products, as well as certain related assets and liabilities. The company was founded by John Fairfield Dryden in 1875 and is headquartered in Newark, NJ.