Paper & Paper Products
1846
United States
John Luke Jr
16,000
$5.4B
Richmond, Virginia
MeadWestvaco Corp. is a global packaging company that provides packaging solutions to healthcare, beauty and personal care, food, beverage, tobacco and home and garden industries. It also produces specialty chemicals for the automotive, energy and infrastructure industries. The company operates through five business segments: Food & Beverage, Home, Health & Beauty, Industrial, Specialty Chemicals, and Community Development and Land Management. The Food & Beverage segment produces packaging materials, and designs andRead More produces packaging solutions primarily for the global food, food service, beverage, dairy and tobacco end markets, as well as paperboard for commercial printing. The Home, Health & Beauty segment designs and produces packaging solutions for the global personal care, fragrance, home care, lawn and garden, prescription drug and healthcare end markets. The Industrial segment designs and produces corrugated packaging solutions, primarily for produce, meat, consumer products and bulk goods primarily in Brazil. This segment also includes operations in India, which develop corrugated packaging materials as well as corrugated packaging solutions for the domestic fresh produce growers. The Specialty Chemicals segment manufactures, markets and distributes specialty chemicals derived from sawdust and other byproducts of the papermaking process in North America, Europe, South America and Asia. Its products include performance chemicals derived from pine chemicals used in printing inks, asphalt paving and adhesives as well as the agricultural, paper and petroleum industries. This segment also includes products based on activated carbon used in gas vapor emission control systems for automobiles and trucks and applications for air, water and food purification. The Community Development and Land Management segment include the operations of Real Estate Development, Forestry and Leasing Activities. The Real Estate Development operations includes selling non-core forestlands primarily for recreational and residential uses; entitling and improving high-value tracts; and master planning select landholdings. The Forestry operations include growing and harvesting softwood and hardwood on the company's forestlands for external consumption and for use by the company's mill-based business. The Leasing Activities operations include fees from third parties undertaking mineral extraction operations, as well as fees from recreational leases on the company's forestlands. MeadWestvaco was founded on January 29, 2002 and is headquartered in Richmond, VA.