Oil Services & Equipment
1918
United States
Gregory Ebel
6,000
$5.2B
Houston, Texas
Spectra Energy Corp. provides natural gas and related energy trading and marketing services. The company manages its business through four reportable segments: Spectra Energy Partners, Distribution, Western Canada Transmission & Processing, and Field Services. The Spectra Energy Partners segment primarily provides transmission, storage and gathering of natural gas, as well as the transportation and storage of crude oil and natural gas liquids through interstate pipeline systems for customers in various regions of theRead More Midwestern, northeastern and southeastern U.S. and Canada. The Distribution segment provides services in Canada through the company's subsidiary, Union Gas Ltd. It serves primarily residential, commercial, and industrial customers in Northern, Southwestern, and Eastern Ontario. Distribution pipelines carry or control the supply of natural gas from the point of local supply to customers. The Western Canada Transmission & Processing segment is comprised of the BC Pipeline, BC field services, Canadian midstream and empress NGL operations, and M&N Canada. BC pipeline and BC field service provides fee-based natural gas transmission and gas gathering and processing services. The BC field services business provide services to natural gas producers to remove impurities from the raw gas stream including water, carbon dioxide, hydrogen sulfide and other substances. The Canadian Midstream business provides similar gas gathering and processing services in British Colombia and Alberta. The Empress NGL business provides NGL extraction, fractionation, transportation, storage and marketing services to western Canadian producers and NGL customers throughout Canada and the northern tier of the United States. The Field Services segment consists of investment in DCP Midstream, which is accounted for as an equity investment. DCP Midstream gathers compresses, treats, processes, transports, stores and sells natural gas. Spectra Energy was founded on July 28,2006 and is headquartered in Houston, TX.