Drug Retail
1901
United States
Gregory Wasson
248,000
$74.2B
Deerfield, Illinois
Walgreen Co. operates as a drugstore chain in the United States. Its drugstores are engaged in the retail sale of prescription and non-prescription drugs and general merchandise, including household products, convenience and fresh foods, personal care, beauty care, photofinishing and candy. The company offers pharmacy, health and wellness solutions, which include retail, specialty pharmacy, infusion and respiratory services, mail service, convenient care clinics and worksite clinics. Walgreen offers pharmacy services thatRead More provide customers nationwide access to a variety of medications, services and programs for managing complex and chronic health conditions. The company offers its customers infusion therapy services, including the administration of intravenous medications for cancer treatments, chronic pain, heart failure, and other infections and disorders. It provides these infusion services at home, at the workplace, in a physician's office or in a Walgreens alternate treatment site. The company provides clinical services, such as laboratory monitoring, medication profile review, nutritional assessments, patient and caregiver education. Its advanced pharmacy system offers pharmacists easy access to patient prescription records, which allows access to refills and emergency supplies at any of its pharmacies, eases prescription transfers, and enables any Walgreens pharmacist to provide ongoing treatment consultation. The company's websites allow consumers to purchase general merchandise, including beauty, personal care, home medical equipment, contact lens, vitamins and supplements and other health and wellness solutions. It also offers services through Take Care Health Systems, which manages its Take Care Clinics at select Walgreens drugstores throughout the country and Take Care Health Employer Solutions that manages primary care, health and wellness, occupational health, pharmacy and fitness centers at large employer campuses. The company was founded by Charles R. Walgreen, Sr. in 1901 and is headquartered in Deerfield, IL.