Conglomerates
1920
United States
Darius Adamczyk
131,000
$41.4B
Morris Plains, New Jersey
Honeywell International, Inc. is a diversified technology and manufacturing company. It offers aerospace products and services; turbochargers; control, sensing and security technologies for buildings and homes; specialty chemicals; electronic and advanced materials; process technology for refining and petrochemicals; and energy efficient products and solutions for homes, business and transportation. The company operates through the following segments: Aerospace; Automation and Control Solutions; and Performance MaterialsRead More and Technologies. The Aerospace segment supplies aircraft engines, integrated avionics, systems and service solutions, and related products and services for aircraft manufacturers, airlines, aircraft operators, military services, and defense and space contractors. The Aerospace segment's products and services include auxiliary power units, propulsion engines, environmental control systems, connectivity, electric power systems, engine controls, flight safety, communications, navigation, radar and surveillance systems, aircraft lighting, management and technical services, logistics services, advanced systems and instruments, aircraft wheels and brakes, repair and overhaul services, turbochargers and thermal systems. The Automation and Control Solutions segment provides products, software and technologies for environmental and energy solutions; sensors, switches and controls for sensing and productivity solutions; security and fire safety products; industrial safety products; and building solutions and services for homes, commercial buildings and industrial facilities. The Performance Materials and Technologies segment develops and manufactures advanced materials, process technologies and automation solutions. Its process technology and products include catalysts and adsorbents, equipment and consulting services to produce gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, petrochemicals and renewable fuels for the petroleum refining, gas processing and petrochemical industries. Honeywell International was founded by Albert M. Butz in 1885 and is headquartered in Morris Plains, NJ.