Trading Companies
1947
Japan
Tatsuo Yasunaga
48,090
$44.1B
Tokyo
Mitsui & Co., Ltd. engages in the general trading business. It operates through the following segments: Iron and Steel Products; Mineral and Metal Resources; Machinery and Infrastructure; Chemicals; Energy; Lifestyle; Innovation and Corporate Development; Overseas; and Others. The Iron and Steel Products segment manages the sourcing and supply of iron and steel products; investment in steel service centers; electric furnace steel mills, rolling mills, component manufacturers; and the iron and steel distribution industry.Read More The Mineral and Metal Resources segment handles investment in resource development, production, processing, and trading business; and the environmental recycling business. The Machinery and Infrastructure segment upgrades and maintains infrastructure to facilitate social and economic development through projects in fields such as power generation, energy and mineral resources/ basic industry, marine energy, water supply, and logistics; and covers motor vehicles, mining and construction machinery, ships, aircraft, railways, and other machinery to transportation systems. The Chemicals segment manufactures, trades and sells chemical products in Japan and overseas. The Energy segment explores, develops, produces, and trades energy resources. The Lifestyle segment deals with global sales of food resources and products. It also handles outsourcing services, medical and healthcare, real estate, housing and industrial material, and fashion businesses. The Innovation and Corporate Development segment undertakes information technology, financial technology, and logistics technology. The Overseas segment engages in the sales and intermediary service of various commodities and conducts related businesses led by overseas trading subsidiaries and their affiliated companies in their respective countries including America, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA), and Asia-Pacific. The Others segment includes corporate staff department performing financial and business services. The company was founded on July 1, 1876 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.