Medical Equipment & Supplies
1937
United Kingdom
Namal Nawana
15,933
$4.8B
London
Smith & Nephew Plc is a global orthopedics company. It develops, manufactures, markets and sells medical devices in the sectors of advanced medical devices and advanced wound management. The company operates in two segments: Advanced Surgical Devices and Advanced Wound Management. Advanced Surgical Devices offers the following products and technologies: Orthopaedic Reconstruction, Trauma & Extremities, Sports Medicine Joint Repair, Arthroscopy and Other ASD. Orthopaedic Reconstruction includes Hip Implants, Knee ImplantsRead More and ancillary products such as bone cement and mixing systems used in cemented reconstruction joint surgery. Trauma & Extremities consists of internal and external devices used in the stabilization of severe fractures and deformity correction procedures. Sports Medicine Joint Repair offers surgeons a broad array of instruments, technologies and implants necessary to perform minimally invasive surgery of the joints. Arthroscopy Enabling Technologies offer healthcare providers a variety of technologies such as fluid management equipment for surgical access, high definition cameras, digital image capture, scopes, light sources and monitors to assist with visualization inside the joints, radio frequency wands, electromechanical and mechanical blades, and hand instruments for removing damaged tissue. Other ASD includes gynaecological instrumentation and the remaining Clinical Therapies geographies which are in the process of being transferred to Bioventus. Advanced Wound Management's products include Advanced Wound Care, Advanced Wound Devices and Advanced Wound Bioactives. Advanced Wound Care includes products for the treatment of acute and chronic wounds, including leg, diabetic and pressure ulcers, burns and post-operative wounds. Advanced Wound Devices consists of traditional and single-use Negative Pressure Wound Therapy and hydrosurgery systems. Advanced Wound Bioactives include biologics and other bioactive technologies that provide unique approaches to debridement and dermal repair/regeneration. Smith & Nephew was founded by Thomas James Smith in 1856 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.