Life & Health Insurance
1999
Canada
Roy Gori
34,300
$40.1B
Toronto
Manulife Financial Corp. provides financial protection and wealth management products and services. Its products and services include individual life insurance, group life and health insurance, long-term care insurance, pension products, annuities and mutual funds. The company also provides investment management services with respect to the company's general fund assets, segregated fund assets, mutual funds, and to the institutional customers. It also offers specialized property and aviation catastrophe risk reinsuranceRead More products. The company operates business through three divisions: Asia, Canada and the U.S. It also offers asset management services through its Investment division, operating as Manulife Asset Management. The Asia division offers a diverse portfolio of protection, savings and wealth management products and services to meet the needs of individuals and corporate customers. The Canadian division is one of financial services organizations in Canada. Its portfolio includes protection and savings products and services available through a diversified distribution base, to meet the needs of a broad marketplace. The company's individual life and living benefits insurance products are aimed at middle and upper-income individuals and business owners. Its Affinity markets business offers life, health and specialty products, such as travel insurance, through alternative distribution channels, as well as direct to customer marketing. The Canadian division includes Individual Insurance, which offers a range of insurance solutions including universal life, term life, whole life and living benefits products. It focuses on a combination of competitive products, professional advice and quality customer service to increase market share in the middle- and upper-income individual, family and business markets. The U.S. division operates through two reporting segments: U.S. Insurance and U.S. Wealth Management. The U.S. Insurance segment consists of JH life and JH long term care businesses, offers life, wealth accumulation and long-term care insurance solutions to select markets. The International Group segment also offers international employee benefits management to multinational corporations. The U.S. Wealth Management segment consists of JH Wealth Asset Management and JH annuities businesses, provides clients with wealth management solutions for personal, family and business needs. The company was founded on April 1, 1999 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.