Regional Banks
1846
Canada
François Desjardins
3,700
$1.3B
Montréal
Laurentian Bank of Canada is a banking institution that offers diversified financial services across Canada. The bank also offers its products to a wide network of independent financial intermediaries through B2B Trust, as well as full-service brokerage solutions through Laurentian Bank Securities. It operates through five segments: Retail & SME Quebec, Real Estate & Commercial, B2B Bank, Laurentian Bank Securities and Capital Markets, and Other. The Retail & SME-Quebec segment provides a full range of savings, investmentRead More and financing products, and transactional products and services offered through its direct distribution network, which includes branches, electronic networks, a call centre and a mobile sales force. This segment also offers Visa credit card services, insurance products and trust services. As well, it offers a wide range of commercial financial services to small and medium-sized enterprises in Quebec. The Real Estate & Commercial segment includes two areas of operations: Real Estate Financing and Commercial Financing. The Real Estate Financing offers finances for condominiums, office buildings, shopping centers and residential developments. The Commercial Financing offers finance for medium-sized enterprises in Quebec and Ontario. This segment also offers international services dedicated to the foreign trade activities of small and medium-sized businesses. The B2B Bank segment is engaged in the financial intermediary market, offering personal banking products through a network of independent financial advisors. This segment's products include investment loans, RRSP loans, mortgage loans, high yield investment accounts and self-directed accounts. The Laurentian Bank Securities & Capital Markets business segment provides full-service brokerage services to retail and institutional clients and manages bank-related capital market activities. This segment's Institutional Fixed Income division has a particularly strong presence in government and corporate underwriting, as well as in secondary markets. Its institutional services group largely serves small- and mid-sized money managers and brokerage firms. The Other segment includes the activities of the Bank's various corporate support sectors, mainly treasury, credit, finance, risk management, technology, operations, corporate affairs and human resources. Treasury operations such as securitization activities, liquidity management and other corporate activities are reported in this segment. Laurentian Bank of Canada was founded by Monsignor Ignace Bourget on May 26, 1846 and is headquartered in Montreal, Canada.