Heavy Equipment
1992
China
Chun Zhan
20,314
$4.2B
Changsha
Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science & Technology Co. Ltd. engages in the manufacturing of construction machinery. It is mainly specialized in the research and development and manufacturing of advanced technologies and equipment for infrastructure construction projects, including construction, energy engineering, environment engineering and transportation engineering projects. The company operates its business through the following segments: Concrete Machinery, Crane Machinery, Environmental & Sanitation Machinery, RoadRead More Construction & Pile Foundation Machinery, Earth Working Machinery, Material Handling Machinery & Systems and Finance Lease Services. The Concrete Machinery segment researches, develops, manufactures and sells various concrete machineries, including truck-mounted concrete pumps, trailer-mounted concrete pumps, concrete placing booms, concrete mixing plants, truck-mounted concrete mixers, truckmounted line concrete pumps and self-propelled boom concrete pumps. The Crane Machinery segment manufactures and sells a variety of cranes, including truck cranes, all-terrain truck cranes, crawler cranes and various types of tower cranes. The Environmental & Sanitation Machinery segment manufactures and sells a wide range of environmental and sanitation machineries, including road sweepers, washing vehicles and waste treatment equipment. The Road Construction & Pile Foundation Machinery segment manufactures and sells different types of road construction and pile foundation machineries, including road surface heaters, motor graders, road rollers, pavers, road surface cold planners, asphalt mixing equipment and rotary drilling rigs. The Earth Working Machinery segment manufactures and sells a variety of earth working machineries, including loaders, bulldozers and excavators. The Material Handling Machinery & Systems segment manufactures and sells different types of machineries and systems for handling huge materials, including stackers and reclaimers, pipe conveyors, port loading/unloading equipment and portal cranes. The Finance Lease Services segment provides finance lease services to customers for purchasing machinery products and from other vendors. The company was founded by Chun Xin Zhan on August 8, 1999 and is headquartered in Changsha, China.