Diversified Insurance
1999
United States
Steven Kandarian
49,000
$64.1B
New York, New York
MetLife, Inc. provides insurance and financial services to individual and institutional customers. It offers life insurance, annuities, automobile and homeowner's insurance and retail banking services to individuals as well as group insurance, reinsurance and retirement and savings products and services. The company operates its business through six segments: Retail, Group, Voluntary and Worksite Benefits, Corporate Benefit Funding, Latin America, Asia, and Europe, the Middle East and Africa. The Retail segment organizedRead More into two businesses: Life and Other, and Annuities. The Life and Other business products include variable life, universal life, term life, whole life, disability, property and casualty. The Annuities business offers a variety of variable and fixed annuities that are primarily sold to individuals and tax-qualified groups in the education, healthcare and not-for-profit sectors. The Group, Voluntary and Worksite Benefits segment is organized into two businesses: Group, and Voluntary and Worksite. The Group insurance products and services include life, dental, group short- and long-term disability and accidental, death and dismemberment coverages. The Voluntary and Worksite products and services include long-term care, prepaid legal plans, critical illness and property and casualty products. The Corporate Benefit Funding segment provides funding and financing solutions that help institutional customers mitigate and manage liabilities primarily associated with their qualified, nonqualified and welfare employee benefit programs using a spectrum of life and annuity-based insurance and investment products. The Latin America segment engages in the accident and health insurance, savings oriented pension product and credit insurance. The Asia segment engages in the life insurance, accident and health insurance, retirement and savings products and credit insurance. The Europe, the Middle East and Africa segment operates in 31 countries across EMEA, which is engaged in the life insurance, accident and health insurance, retirement and savings products and credit insurance. Metlife was founded on 1999 and is headquartered in New York, NY.