Construction Services
1938
India
Sekharipuram Subrahmanyan
41,466
$17.8B
Mumbai
Larsen & Toubro Ltd. operates as an investment holding company with interest in construction. It is a technology, engineering, construction and manufacturing company, with additional interests in electrical & automation, Information technology and other diversified businesses. It operates through the following segments: Infrastructure, Power, Metallurgical & Material Handling, Heavy Engineering, Electrical & Automation, Machinery & Industrial Products, Hydrocarbon, IT & Technology Services, Financial Services, DevelopmentalRead More projects and Others. The Infrastructure segment comprises of engineering and construction of building and factories, transportation infrastructure, heavy civil infrastructure, power transmission & distribution and water & renewable energy projects. The Power segment comprises of turnkey solutions for Coal-based and Gas-based thermal power plants including power generation equipment with associated systems and/or balance-of-plant packages. The Metallurgical & Material Handling segment comprises manufacture and supply of custom designed, engineered critical equipment & systems to core sector industries like fertilizer, refinery, petrochemical, chemical, oil & gas, thermal & nuclear power, aerospace and defense. The Electrical & Automation segment comprises manufacture and sale of low and medium voltage switchgear components, custom built low and medium voltage switchboards, electronic energy meters/protection (relays) systems and control & automation products. Electrical & Automation also included medical equipment business. The Machinery & Industrial Products segment comprises manufacture and sale of rubber processing machinery & castings, manufacture and marketing of industrial valves, construction equipment and industrial products. The Hydrocarbon segment completes EPC solutions for the global Oil & Gas Industry from front-end design through detailed engineering, modular fabrication, procurement, project management, construction, installation and commissioning. The IT & Technology Services segment comprises of information technology and integrated engineering services. The Financial Services segment comprises retail and corporate finance, housing finance, infrastructure finance, general insurance, asset management of mutual fund schemes and related advisory services. The Developmental projects segment comprises development, operation and maintenance of basic infrastructure projects, toll collection including annuity based projects, power development, development and operation of port facilities and providing related advisory services. The Others segment include realty, shipbuilding and integrated engineering services. The company was founded by Henning Holck-Larsen and Soren Kristian Toubro in 1938 and is headquartered in Mumbai, India.