Medical Equipment & Supplies
1897
United States
Vincent Forlenza
41,933
$13.5B
Franklin Lakes, New Jersey
Becton, Dickinson & Co. is a global medical technology company. The company is engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of medical devices, instrument systems and reagents used by healthcare institutions, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry and the general public. The company operates through two worldwide business segments: BD Medical and BD Life Sciences. The BD Medical segment produces medical devices that are used in healthcare settings. This segment product includesRead More needles, syringes and intravenous catheters for medication delivery; prefilled IV flush syringes; syringes and pen needles for the self-injection of insulin and other drugs used in the treatment of diabetes. The BD Life Sciences segment produces products for the safe collection and transport of diagnostic specimens, as well as instruments and reagent systems to detect a broad range of infectious diseases, healthcare-associated infections and cancers. The segment also produces research and clinical tools that facilitate the study of cells, and the components of cells, to gain a better understanding of normal and disease processes. The principal products and services in the Life Sciences segment include integrated systems for specimen collection; safety-engineered blood collection products and systems; automated blood culturing and tuberculosis culturing systems; molecular testing systems for infectious diseases and women's health; microorganism identification and drug susceptibility systems; liquid-based cytology systems for cervical cancer screening; rapid diagnostic assays; microbiology laboratory automation; plated media; fluorescence-activated cell sorters and analyzers; monoclonal antibodies and kits for performing cell analysis; reagent systems for life science research; molecular indexing and next-generation sequencing sample preparation for genomics research; clinical oncology, immunology and transplantation diagnostic/monitoring reagents and analyzers; and cell culture media supplements for biopharmaceutical manufacturing. Becton, Dickinson & Co. was founded by Maxwell W. Becton and Fairleigh S. Dickinson in 1897 and is headquartered in Franklin Lakes, NJ.