Printing & Publishing
1851
Canada
Jim Smith
46,100
$11.3B
Toronto
Thomson Reuters Corp. provides integrated and intelligent information for businesses and professionals. It serves decision makers in the financial and risk, legal, tax and accounting, intellectual property, and science and media markets. The company operates through four segments: Financial & Risk, Legal, Tax & Accounting, and Intellectual Property & Science. The Financial and Risk segment provides critical news, information and analytics, enabling transactions and brings together communities that allow trading, investing,Read More financial and corporate professionals to connect. It also provides regulatory and operational risk management solutions. This segment serves four end-user groups: Trading, Investors, Marketplaces, and Governance, Risk & Compliance. The Trading business serves the financial community by enabling market participants to connect, access rich content and trade and provides customers with a combination of feeds, analytics, transactions, desktop tools and technology infrastructure via the Thomson Reuters Eikon desktop and Thomson Reuters Elektron data and networking infrastructure. The Investors business provides its buy-side and off-trading floor customers with information, analytics, workflow and technology solutions. These solutions help in meeting regulatory requirements for its customers in investment management, investment banking, wealth management and hedge funds. The Marketplaces business operates electronic trading venues, which provide access to liquidity in over-the-counter markets, trade execution and connections for market participants and communities of financial professionals worldwide. It also provides post-trade services globally, enabling banks, brokers and electronic marketplaces to connect with their counterparties. The Governance, Risk & Compliance business provides a comprehensive suite of solutions designed to help its customers address uncertainty and act with integrity in addressing regulatory compliance, reputational risk controls and operational risk controls. The Legal segment provides critical online and print information, decision support tools, software and services to support legal, investigation, business and government professionals around the world. It offers a broad range of products that utilize its electronic databases of legal, regulatory, news, public records and business information. This segment solutions include legal research solutions, software-based workflow solutions, compliance solutions, marketing, finance and operations software, business development and legal process outsourcing services. This segment also offers customers in corporate legal departments leading matter management, e-billing, legal analytics and legal process outsourcing services and customers in law enforcement, law firms and legal departments, as well as other investigative professionals. The Tax & Accounting segment provides integrated tax compliance and accounting information, software and services for professionals in accounting firms, corporations, law firms and government. It operates in the following businesses: Professional, Corporate, Knowledge Solutions, and Government. The Professional business provides a suite of tax, accounting, payroll, document management, and practice management software and services to accounting firms. The Corporate business provides federal, state, local and international tax compliance, planning and management software and services to companies around the world. The Knowledge Solutions business provides information, research and certified professional education tools for tax and accounting professionals. The Government business provides integrated property tax management and land registry solutions. The Intellectual Property & Science segment provides comprehensive intellectual property and scientific information, decision support tools and services that enable governments, academia, publishers, corporations and law firms to discover, develop and deliver innovations. It operates in the following businesses: IP Solutions, Life Sciences, and Scientific & Scholarly Research. The IP Solutions business provides patent, trademark and brand content and services that help corporate and legal IP professionals drive new growth opportunities, manage and protect IP assets and create maximum value from their IP portfolio. The Life Sciences business helps accelerate pharmaceutical research and development by providing decision support information and analytics and professional services to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. The Scientific & Scholarly Research business fosters collaboration and enables discovery by providing access to the world's critical research, as well as analytics designed to maximize returns on research funding and tools to facilitate the peer-review and publishing process. The company's business roots back to 1934 and was founded by the merger of Thomson Corp. and Reuters Group Plc on April 17, 2008 and is headquartered in New York, NY.