Conglomerates
1988
Switzerland
Ulrich Spiesshofer
134,800
$35B
Zurich
ABB Ltd. operates as a power and automation technology company. The company provides solutions for secure, energy-efficient generation, transmission and distribution of electricity, and for increasing productivity in industrial, commercial and utility operations. It operates through five segments: Power Products; Power Systems; Discrete Automation and Motion; Low Voltage Products; and Process Automation. The Power Products segment manufactures products that can be placed in three categories: high-voltage products,Read More medium-voltage products and transformers. The Power systems segment serves utilities, as well as industrial and commercial customers with system solutions and services for the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity. This segment delivers solutions through four businesses: power generation, grid systems, substations and network management. The Discrete Automation and Motion segment offers a wide range of products and services including drives, motors, generators, power electronics systems, rectifiers, power quality and power protection products, mechanical power transmission of rotating equipment, traction converters, solar inverters, wind turbine converters, electric vehicle charging infrastructure, programmable logic controllers, and industrial robots. This segment provides low-voltage and medium-voltage drive products and systems for industrial, commercial and residential applications. The Low Voltage Products segment offers a wide range of products and systems, with related services, that provide protection, control and measurement for electrical installations, enclosures, switchboards, electronics and electromechanical devices for industrial machines and plants. The Process Automation segment provides products, systems, and services for the automation and electrification of industrial processes. ABB was founded on January 5, 1988 and is headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland.