Household/Personal Care
1903
United States
Michael Polk
49,000
$14.5B
Hoboken, New Jersey
Newell Brands, Inc. engages in the manufacture, marketing, and sale of consumer and commercial products. On April 15, 2016, Newell Rubbermaid acquired Jarden Corporation, creating a new company, Newell Brands. The new company offers its products under the following brands: Paper Mate, Sharpie, Dymo, EXPO, Parker, Elmer's, Coleman, Jostens, Marmot, Rawlings, Oster, Sunbeam, FoodSaver, Mr. Coffee, Rubbermaid, Commercial Products, Graco, Baby Jogger, NUK, Calphalon, Rubbermaid, Contigo, First Alert, Waddington, and YankeeRead More Candle. It operates through the following segments: Writing, Home Solutions, Tools, Commercial Products, Baby & Parenting, Branded Consumables, Consumer Solutions, Outdoor Solutions, and Process Solutions. The Writing segment includes markers and highlighters; pens and pencils; art products; activity-based adhesive and cutting products; fine writing instruments; and labeling solutions. The Home Solutions segment consists of indoor and outdoor organization, food storage, and home storage products; durable beverage containers; gourmet cookware, bakeware, and cutlery; and hair care accessories. The Tools segment offers hand tools and power tool accessories; industrial bandsaw blades; tools for heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems; and label makers and printers for industrial use. The Commercial Products segment comprises of cleaning and refuse products, hygiene systems, material handling solutions. The Baby & Parenting segment covers infant and juvenile products such as car seats, strollers, highchairs, and playards. The Branded Consumables segment markets branded consumer products, and consumable and fundamental household staples. The Consumer Solutions segment produces household products, including kitchen appliances and home environment goods. The Outdoor Solutions segment focuses on the products for outdoor and outdoor-related activities. The Process Solutions segment distributes plastic products including container closures, contact lens packaging, medical disposables, plastic cutlery, and rigid packaging. The company was founded in 1903 and is headquartered in Hoboken, NJ.