Regional Banks
2007
United Arab Emirates
Shayne Nelson
7,000
$6.1B
Dubai
Emirates NBD PJSC is engaged in the provision of financial services in the Middle East. It operates through the following business segments: It operates through the following business segments: Retail Banking and Wealth Management, Wholesale Banking, Islamic Banking (IB), International, and Information Technology and Operations."" Add 3rd sentence as: ""The Retail Banking and Wealth Management segment offers retail banking, personal banking, priority banking, business banking, consumer finance, wealth management, privateRead More banking, asset management, and securities. The Wholesale Banking segment includes corporate banking, institutional banking, Al Watani Al Islami, transaction banking services, investment banking, and global markets and treasury. The IB segment operates emirates Islamic banks. The International segment develops cross-selling across core markets as well as capturing of trade flows and other business activities. The Information Technology and Operations segment engages in tanfeeth which provides financial transparency and cost management, and sale of properties. The Retail Banking and Wealth Management segment offers retail banking, personal banking, priority banking, business banking, consumer finance, wealth management, private banking, asset management, and securities. The Wholesale Banking segment includes corporate banking, institutional banking, Al Watani Al Islami, transaction banking services, investment banking, and global markets and treasury. The IB segment operates emirates Islamic banks. The International segment develops cross-selling across core markets as well as capturing of trade flows and other business activities. The Information Technology and Operations segment engages in tanfeeth which provides financial transparency and cost management, and sale of properties.The company was founded on October 16, 2007 and is headquartered in Dubai, United Arab Emirates.