Regional Banks
1960
Malaysia
Abdul bin Alias
43,000
$9.1B
Kuala Lumpur
Malayan Banking Bhd. operates as holding company, which provides investment and commercial banking, and financial services. It operates through the following business segments: Community Financial Services, Global Wholesale Banking, Insurance, Takaful and Asset Management, and International Banking. The Community Financial Services segment operates through three divisions: Consumer Banking, Small, Medium Enterprise Banking and Business Banking. The Consumer Banking division comprises of products and services that offers toRead More individuals in Malaysia, including savings and fixed deposits, remittance services, current accounts, consumer loans, such as housing loans and personal loans, hire purchases, unit trusts, bancassurance products and credit cards. The Small, Medium Enterprise Banking division offers services to small and medium enterprises in Malaysia. Its products and services include long-term loans, such as project financing, short-term credit, such as overdrafts and trade financing, and fee-based services, such as cash management and custodian services. The Business banking division offers its products and services to commercial enterprises in Malaysia. Its products and services include long-term loans, such as project financing, short-term credit, such as overdrafts and trade financing, and fee-based services, including cash management and custodian services. The Global Wholesale Banking segment operates through three divisions: Corporate Banking Malaysia, Global Markets Malaysia and Investment Banking. The Corporate Banking Malaysia division offers its products and services to business customers in the region, ranging from large corporate and the public sector. Its products and services include long-term loans, such as project financing, short-term credit, including overdrafts and trade financing, and fee-based services, such as cash management and custodian services. The Global markets division offers treasury activities and services, including foreign exchange, money market, derivatives and trading of capital market. The Investment Banking division comprises of investment banking and securities broking business. Its products and services include corporate, advisory services, bond issuance, equity issuance, syndicated acquisitions advisory services, debt restructuring advisory services, and share and futures dealings. The Insurance, Takaful and Asset management segment engages in the business of underwriting all classes of general and life insurance businesses, offshore investment life insurance business, general takaful and family takaful businesses, asset and fund management, nominee and trustee services and custodian services. The International Banking segment offers commercial banking services in outside Malaysia. The company was founded on May 31, 1960 and is headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.