Department Stores
1884
United Kingdom
Wei Pan
80,222
$13.6B
London
Marks & Spencer Group Plc engages in retail clothes, food and home products. The company provides women's wear and lingerie, menswear, kids wear and home wear in the United Kingdom. It operates through two segments: UK and International. The UK segment consists of the UK retail business and UK franchise operations. The International segment consists of Marks & Spencer owned businesses in the Republic of Ireland, Europe and Asia, together with international franchise operations. The company offers clothing products, such asRead More women's, men's, school, and kids wear; shoes, slippers, accessories, bags, purses, jewelry, watches, socks, tights, and summer essentials; and beauty products, such as bath, body, hair care, make up, perfume, nails, and skincare products, as well as men's and kids' toiletries, travel and beauty accessories, and gifts. It also provides home and furniture products comprising bath linen and accessories, bedding, curtains and blinds, cushions and throws, domestic appliances, home accessories, kitchen and dining, lighting, luggage, rugs, small appliances, and storage products; and furniture products for living and dining rooms, bathrooms, kids, bedrooms, office, kitchen, and conservatory and garden, as well as mattresses, divans, sofas, and armchairs. The company offers various TVs and accessories; computing and gaming products, iPad, tablets, e-readers, satellite navigation and GPS, and phones and accessories; shavers and grooming products, and electric toothbrushes; domestic appliances, small appliances, and sewing machines; audio and iPods; Blu-ray, DVD, and home theater products; CDs, DVDs, and Blu-ray discs; digital photography; personal alarms; and headphones. It provides flowers and gifts that comprise books and DVDs, flowers and plants, cards, and stationery products; and food and wine gifts, gift cards, single bottle gifts, personalized cards, and wedding cakes, as well as offers procurement and financial services. Marks & Spencer Group was founded by Michael Marks and Thomas Spencer on September 28, 1884 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.