Trading Companies
1858
Japan
Teruo Asada
39,914
$68B
Tokyo
Marubeni Corp. engages in handling of products and provision of services in the areas of import and export. It also conducts business investment, development and management. It operates through the following segments: Food; Chemicals; Energy; Metals & Mineral Resources; Transportation Machinery; Power Projects & Infrastructure; Plant; Lifestyle & Forest Products; Information & Communication Technology (ICT), Finance & Insurance, Real Estate Business; and Overseas Corporate Subsidiaries & Branches. The Food segment handlesRead More the domestic and overseas manufacture and trade of all food products that include feed grains, soybeans, wheat, sugar, processed foods, beverages, and their related materials, foodstuffs for professional use, and agricultural, seafood & livestock products. The Chemicals segment merchandises petrochemicals, electronic materials, specialty chemicals and agricultural chemicals. The Energy segment covers the trade of petroleum and gas, raw materials development and gas station retail. The Metals & Mineral Resources segment deals with the manufacture, processing and sale of all steel products and non-ferrous light metals, trading of raw materials for steels and non-ferrous light metals, and mine development of mineral resources for steels and non-ferrous light metals. The Transportation Machinery involves export, import, wholesale and retail of transportation related machinery. The Power Projects & Infrastructure segment operates electricity and infrastructure related businesses. The Plant segment manages plants for oil, gas, chemical, environmental, steel, cement, and pulp and paper industries. It also handles infrastructure development such as railway, airport, port and industrial complex, textile machinery, alternative energy facilities, and other environmental and industrial machines. The Lifestyle & Forest Products segment handles product planning, manufacturing, importing, wholesaling, branding, consulting, and business investment of lifestyle product field. It also manufactures and sells paper stock, foreign paper and cardboard, participates in tree-planting projects, and sells home building materials. The Information & Communication Technology (ICT), Finance & Insurance, Real Estate Business segment operates the following businesses domestic and overseas: funding, leasing, and trading of financial instruments; forwarding and logistics center services; data communication networks, BPO business, exporting and third-country trading of communication/broadcasting/ information systems; condominium business, asset management, overseas real estate development, leasing, brokering, and mediation in the real estate field. The Overseas Corporate Subsidiaries & Branches segment handles various merchandise and its related activities on overseas corporate subsidiaries and branches.  It was founded in May 1858 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.