Telecommunications services
1901
Australia
Andrew Penn
32,000
$19.9B
Melbourne
Telstra Corp. Ltd. provides telecommunications and information services in Australia and internationally. The company provides fixed and mobile network infrastructure, broadband access and Internet services, wholesale services and cable distribution services. It offers basic access services, local and long distance telephone calls, broadband access and content services, data and Internet services, and cable distribution services, as well as advertising, search, and information services, pay television, internationalRead More connectivity, roaming, and 3G network services, as well as management services. The company operates trough its segments: Telstra Consumer, Telstra Business, Telstra Enterprise and Government, Telstra Wholesale, Telstra Operations, Telstra International, Telstra Media Group, TelstraClear. The Telstra Consumer segment offers telecommunication products, services and solutions such as mobiles, fixed and wireless broadband, telephony and pay TV to consumer customers in metropolitan, regional, rural and remote areas of Australia. The Telstra Business segment offers telecommunication products and services, communication solutions, and information and communication technology services to small to medium enterprises. The Telstra Enterprise and Government segment provides network services and applications and integrated voice, data and mobile solutions via Telstra Next Generation Services to enterprise and government customers. The Telstra Wholesale segment provides telecommunication products and services delivered over Telstra networks and associated support systems to non-Telstra branded carriers, carriage service providers and internet service providers. The Telstra Operations segment comprises overall planning, design, engineering and architecture of Telstra networks, technology and information technology and supply and delivery of information technology solutions to support its products, services, customer support functions. Telstra Media Group segment comprises management and growth of the domestic directories and advertising business, including print, voice and digital directories, digital mapping and satellite navigation, digital display advertising and business information services. Telstra International Group segment is responsible for managing Telstra's assets outside Australia and New Zealand. The TelstraClear business segment provides telecommunications services to the New Zealand market. Telstra was founded in 1901 and is headquartered in Melbourne, Australia.