Advertising
1971
United Kingdom
Roberto Quarta
134,413
$19.7B
London
WPP Plc engages in the provision of communications services. It operates through the following geographical segments: North America, UK, Western Continental Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Africa & Middle East and Central & Eastern Europe. It also operates through the following business segments: Advertising and Media Investment Management; Data Investment Management; Public Relations and Public Affairs; Branding and Identity; Direct, Promotion and Relationship Marketing; Healthcare, and Specialist Communications; and Read More Wire and Plastic Products Plc (WPP) Digital. The Advertising and Media Investment Management segment provides advertising; above and below-the-line media planning and buying; and specialist sponsorship and branded entertainment services. The Data Investment Management segment includes TNS, Millward Brown, The Futures Company, and other specialists in brand, consumer, media, and marketplace insight. The Public Relations and Public Affairs segment comprises of corporate, consumer, financial, and brand-building services from public relations and lobbying firms such as Burson-Marsteller, Cohn & Wolfe, H+K Strategies, Ogilvy Public Relations, and Finsbury. The Branding and Identity, Healthcare, and Specialist Communications segment covers consumer, corporate, and employee branding and design services; covering identity; packaging; literature; events; training; architecture; healthcare marketing solutions; custom media and multicultural marketing; event, sports, youth, and entertainment marketing; corporate and business-to-business; and media, technology, and production services. The Direct, Promotion and Relationship Marketing segment involves in general and specialist customer, channel, direct, field, retail, promotional and point-of-sale services. The WPP Digital segment is a clients access to a portfolio of digital experts. The company was founded in 1985 and is headquartered in London, United Kingdom.