Major Banks
2001
Japan
Nobuyuki Hirano
110,936
$51.8B
Tokyo
Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. is a holding company that engages in financial businesses and services, which include commercial, investment, and trust banking and asset management services, securities businesses, and credit card businesses, and related services to individual and corporate customers. It operates through the following segments: Integrated Retail Banking Business Group, Integrated Corporate Banking Business Group, Integrated Trust Assets Business Group, Integrated Global Business Group, Global Markets,Read More and Others. The Integrated Retail Banking Business Group segment manages domestic businesses that engage in retail banking. Its services include commercial and trust banking; securities trading; and retail product development, promotion, and marketing. The segment also develops and implements MUFG Plaza, a service that provides integrated banking, trust, and securities services. The Integrated Corporate Banking Business Group segment covers all domestic corporate businesses, including commercial banking, investment banking, trust banking, and securities businesses. The Integrated Trust Assets Business Group segment provides asset management and administration services for pension and security trusts, in addition to consultation services for pension management schemes and payouts. The Integrated Global Business Group segment covers businesses outside Japan. These include the following commercial banking services: loans, deposits and cash management, investment banking, retail banking, trust banking and securities businesses. The Global Markets segment offers asset and liability management, strategic investment, foreign exchange operations, and financial products. The Others segment consists of the corporate centers of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc., The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corp., and Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities Co., Ltd. The company was founded on April 2, 2001 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.