Diversified Metals & Mining
1987
United States
Richard Adkerson
25,200
$17.6B
Phoenix, Arizona
Freeport-McMoRan, Inc. engages in the mining of copper, gold, and molybdenum. It operates through the following segments: Morenci; Cerro Verde; Grasberg; Molybdenum Mines; Rod & Refining; Atlantic Copper Smelting & Refining; Other Mining & Eliminations; U.S. Oil & Gas Operations; and Corporate, Other & Eliminations. The Morenci segment is located in Greenlee County, Arizona, which deals with the porphyry copper deposit that has oxide, secondary sulfide, and primary sulfide mineralization. The Cerro Verde segment is locatedRead More in the southwest of Arequipa, Peru, which consists of porphyry copper deposit that has oxide, secondary sulfide, and primary sulfide mineralization. The Grasberg segment is located in the Sudirman Mountain Range in the province of Papua, Indonesia, which comprises of copper and gold deposits. The Molybdenum Mine segment operates the Henderson underground mine and the Climax open-pit mine, both in Colorado. The Rod & Refining segment consists of copper conversion facilities located in North America, and includes a refinery, three rod mills, and a specialty copper products facility. The Atlantic Copper Smelting & Refining smelts and refines copper concentrate and markets refined copper and precious metals in slimes. The  Other Mining & Eliminations comprises of Miami smelter, Freeport Cobalt, molybdenum conversion facilities in the U.S. and Europe, four non-operating copper mines in North America and other mining support entities. The U.S. Oil & Gas Operations segment consists of oil and natural gas production onshore in South Louisiana and on the GOM shelf, oil production offshore California, and natural gas production from the Madden area in central Wyoming. The Corporate, Other & Eliminations segment composes of  international oil and gas capital expenditures primarily related to the Morocco oil and gas properties. The company was founded by James R. Moffett on November 10, 1987 and is headquartered in Phoenix, AZ.