Computer Hardware
1939
United States
Margaret Whitman
302,000
$109.8B
Palo Alto, California
Hewlett-Packard Co. provides products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small and medium-sized businesses and large enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. It operates through seven business segments: Personal Systems, Printing, Enterprise Group, Enterprise Services, Software, HP Financial Services and Corporate Investments. The Personal Systems segment provides commercial personal computers (PCs), consumer PCs, workstations, calculators andRead More other related accessories, software and services for the commercial and consumer markets. The Printing segment provides consumer and commercial printer hardware, supplies, media and scanning devices. Printing is also focused on imaging solutions in the commercial markets. The Enterprise Group segment provides servers, storage, networking, technology services and, when combined with HP's Cloud Service Automation software suite, the HP CloudSystem. The CloudSystem enables infrastructure, platform and software-as-a-service in private, public or hybrid environments. The Enterprise Services segment provides technology consulting, outsourcing and support services across infrastructure, applications and business process domains. This segment is divided into two units: Infrastructure Technology Outsourcing and Application and Business Services. The Infrastructure Technology Outsourcing unit delivers services that encompass the data center, IT security, cloud-based computing, workplace technology, network, unified communications, and enterprise service management. The Application and Business Services unit helps clients develop, revitalize and manage their applications and information assets. Its offerings include licenses, support, professional services, and software-as-a-service in order to provide an end-to-end solution to customers. The Software segment provides enterprise information management and security solutions for businesses and enterprises of all sizes. The HP Financial Services segment provides a broad range of value-added financial life cycle management services. This segment offers leasing, financing, utility programs and asset recovery services, as well as financial asset management services. The Corporate Investments segment includes HP Labs, the webOS business and certain business incubation projects. Hewlett-Packard was founded by William R. Hewlett and David Packard in 1939 and is headquartered in Palo Alto, CA.