Managed Health Care
1961
United States
Bruce Broussard
45,900
$54.3B
Louisville, Kentucky
Humana Inc. is a health and well-being company focused on making it easy for people to achieve their best health with clinical excellence through coordinated care. Its strategy integrates care delivery, the member experience, and clinical and consumer insights to encourage engagement, behavior change, proactive clinical outreach and wellness for the millions of people they serve across the country. The company operates its business through the following segments: Retail, Group, and Healthcare Services. The Retail segmentRead More consists of Medicare benefits, marketed to individuals or directly via group accounts, as well as Individual Commercial fully-insured medical and specialty health insurance benefits, including dental, vision, and other supplemental health and financial protection products.  In addition, this segment also includes the company's contract with CMS to administer the Limited Income Newly Eligible Transition (LI-NET) prescription drug plan program and contracts with various states to provide Medicaid, dual eligible, and Long-Term Support Services (LTSS) benefits.  These contracts are collectively referred to as state-based contracts. The Group segment consists of employer group commercial fully-insured medical and specialty health insurance benefits, including dental, vision, and other supplemental health and voluntary insurance benefits, as well as Administrative Services Only (ASO) products.  In addition, the Group segment includes health and wellness products, which are primarily marketed to employer groups, and military services business, primarily the TRICARE South Region contract. The Healthcare Services segment includes services offered to the company's health plan members as well as to third parties, including pharmacy solutions, provider services, home based services, and clinical programs, as well as services and capabilities to advance population health. The company was founded by David A. Jones, Sr. and Wendell Cherry in 1961 and is headquartered in Louisville, KY.