Computer Hardware
United States
William Nuti
29,300
$6.1B
Duluth, Georgia
NCR Corp. is a global technology company which provides innovative products and services that enable businesses to connect, interact and transact with their customers and enhance their customer relationships by addressing consumer demand for convenience, value and individual service. The company's portfolio of self-service and assisted-service solutions serve customers in the financial services, retail and hospitality, healthcare, travel and gaming and entertainment industries and include automated teller machines,Read More self-service kiosks and point of sale devices as well as software application that can be used by consumers to enable them to interact with businesses from their computer or mobile device. It operates through four segments: Financial Services, Retail Solutions, Hospitality and Emerging Industries. The Financial Services segment offers solutions to enable customers in the financial services industry to reduce cost, generate new revenue streams and enhance customer loyalty. These solutions include a comprehensive line of ATM and payment processing hardware and software, and related installation, maintenance, and managed and professional services. It also offers a complete line of printer consumables. The Retail Solutions segment offers solutions to customers in the retail industry designed to improve selling productivity and checkout processes as well as increase service levels. These solutions primarily include retail-oriented technologies, such as point of sale terminals and bar-code scanners, as well as innovative self-service kiosks, such as self-checkout. This segment also offers installation, maintenance, and managed and professional services and a complete line of printer consumables. The Hospitality segment offers technology solutions to customers in the hospitality industry, serving businesses that range from a single restaurant to global chains and the sports stadiums. Its solutions include point of sale hardware and software solutions, installation, maintenance, and managed and professional services and a complete line of printer consumables. The Emerging Industries segment offers maintenance as well as managed and professional services for third-party computer hardware provided to select manufacturers, primarily in the telecommunications industry. This segment offers solutions which are designed to enhance the customer experience for the travel and gaming industries, including self-service kiosks, as well as related installation, maintenance, and managed and professional services. The company was founded by John Henry Patterson in 1884 and is headquartered in Duluth, GA.