Regional Banks
1945
Colombia
Juan Mora
31,073
$7.4B
Medellin
Bancolombia SA provides financial products and services to a diversified individual and corporate customer. It operates through the following segments: Banking Colombia, Banking Panama, Banking El Salvador, Leasing, Trust, Investment Banking, Brokerage, Insurance, Off Shore and All Other. The Banking Colombia segment offers retail and corporate banking products and services to individuals, companies, and national and local governments in Colombia. The Banking Panama segment provides retail and commercial banking productsRead More and services to individuals and companies in Panama through the Banistmo operation. The Banking El Salvador segment provides retail and commercial banking products and services to individuals, companies, and national and local governments in El Salvador. The Leasing segment deals with the financial and operational leases, including cross-border and international leasing services to clients in Colombia, Central America, Mexico, and Brazil. The Trust segment gives trust services and asset management to clients in Colombia and Peru. Its products include money market accounts, mutual and pension funds, private equity funds, payment trust, custody services, and corporate trust. The Investment Banking segment engages in corporate and project finance advisory, underwriting, capital markets services, and private equity management. The Brokerage segment includes brokerage, investment advisory, and private banking services to individuals and institutions. The Insurance segment provides insurance services to individuals and companies in Panama. The Off Shore segment offers a complete line of offshore banking services to Colombian and Salvadorian customers. It offers loans to private sector companies, trade financing, lease financing, financing for industrial projects. It also offers cash management products, which include checking accounts, international collections and payments. The All Other segment includes results from the operation of investment vehicles. The company was founded on January 24, 1945 and is headquartered in Medellin, Colombia.