Aerospace & Defense
1995
United States
Marillyn Hewson
100,000
$51.6B
Bethesda, Maryland
Lockheed Martin Corp. operates as a global security and aerospace company, which engages in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration and sustainment of advanced technology systems, products and services. It also provides a broad range of management, engineering, technical, scientific, logistic and information services. It through the following segments: Aeronautics, Information Systems and Global Solutions, Missiles and Fire Control, Mission Systems and Training, and Space Systems. The Aeronautics segmentRead More engages in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, sustainment, support, and upgrade of advanced military aircraft, including combat and air mobility aircraft, unmanned air vehicles and related technologies. The Information Systems and Global Solutions segment comprises of management services, information technology solutions, and advanced technology expertise across a broad spectrum of applications. The Missiles and Fire Control segment offers air and missile defense systems; tactical missiles and air-to-ground precision strike weapon systems; fire control systems; mission operations support, readiness, engineering support and integration services; logistics and other technical services; and manned and unmanned ground vehicles. The Mission Systems and Training segment involves surface ship and submarine combat systems; sea and land-based missile defense systems; radar systems; mission systems and sensors for rotary and fixed-wing aircraft; littoral combat ships; simulation and training services; unmanned technologies and platforms; ship systems integration; and military and commercial training systems. The Space Systems segment involves the design, research and development, engineering, and production of satellites, strategic and defensive missile systems and space transportation systems. The company was founded in March 1995 and is headquartered in Bethesda, MD.