Software & Programming
1988
Germany
DJ Paoni
88,543
$27.4B
Walldorf
SAP SE provides enterprise application software and software-related services worldwide. It operates through the On-Premise and Cloud segments. The On-Premise segment comprises of on-premise products and on-premise services divisions. The on-premise products division is involved in marketing and licensing of on-premise and mobile software products, as well as providing support services for the software products. The on-premise services division provides implementation and educational services on the use of softwareRead More products. The Cloud segment comprises of cloud applications and Ariba divisions. The cloud applications division includes marketing and selling of subscriptions to cloud software offerings developed by SAP and SuccessFactors. The Ariba division markets and sells cloud software offerings developed by Ariba. It offers solutions covering various lines of businesses, including asset management; corporate strategy and sustainability; finance; human resources; information technology; manufacturing; marketing; procurement; research and development, and engineering; sales; service; and supply chain management on premise or through the cloud as software-as-a-service offerings. The company also supports enterprises in various industries in consumer, discrete manufacturing, energy and natural resources, financial services, public services, and services industry sectors. It provides SAP Business All-in-One solution, the SAP Business One application, and Edge solutions. The company SAP Business ByDesign and SuccessFactors HCM Suite; SAP Business One Cloud for small businesses and midsize companies; and SAP HANA, a subscription based enterprise cloud. It offers SAP Business Suite software, which includes SAP Customer Relationship Management, SAP ERP, SAP Product Lifecycle Management, SAP Supplier Relationship Management, and SAP Supply Chain Management applications that facilitate to create a business process platform for companies; mobile solutions comprising enterprise mobility management, mobile apps, and SAP Mobile Platform; database and technology solutions, including application development and integration, and database solutions; and cloud solutions. The company was founded by Dietmar Hopp and Hasso Plattner in 1972 and is headquartered in Walldorf, Germany.