Major Banks
1896
United Kingdom
Jes Staley
79,900
$27.1B
London
Barclays Plc operates as a bank holding company that engages in the business of providing retail banking, credit cards, corporate and investment banking and wealth management services in Europe, the Americas, Africa and Asia. The company operates in nine segments: UK Retail & Business Banking, Europe Retail & Business Banking, Africa Retail & Business Banking, Barclaycard, Investment Bank, Corporate Banking, Wealth & Investment Management and Head Office Functions & Other Operations. The UK Retail & Business Banking segmentRead More provides current account and savings products and branded mortgages. It also provides unsecured loans and general insurance as well as banking and money transmission services to small and medium sized businesses. The Europe Retail & Business Banking segment provides retail services, including credit cards, in Spain, Italy, Portugal and France, as well as lending to small and medium sized businesses, through a variety of distribution channels. The Africa Retail & Business Banking segment provides retail, corporate and credit card services across Africa and the Indian Ocean. The Barclaycard segment is an international payments business service provider to retail and business customers, credit cards and consumer lending. The Investment Bank segment is the investment banking division of Barclays, which provides corporate, government and institutional clients with solutions to meet their strategic advisory, financing and risk management needs. The Corporate Banking segment provides integrated banking solutions to large corporate, financial institutions and multi-nationals in the UK and internationally. The Wealth & Investment Management segment provides wealth and investment management services focused on private and intermediary clients worldwide, providing international and private banking, investment management, fiduciary services and brokerage. The Head Office Functions and Other Operations segment comprises head office and central support functions and consolidation adjustments. Barclays was founded on July 20, 1896 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.