Railroads
1975
Hong Kong
Kwok Leong
28,305
$7.1B
Hong Kong
MTR Corp. Ltd. engages in the activities of railways operations, property development, and the leasing of commercial facilities. The company through its subsidiaries engages in the activities of railway design, construction, operation, maintenance and investment in Hong Kong, the Mainland of China and a number of major overseas cities; project management in relation to railway and property development businesses; station commercial business including leasing of station retail space, leasing of advertising space insideRead More trains and stations, and enabling of telecommunication services on the railway system in Hong Kong; property business including property development and investment, management and leasing management of investment properties (including shopping malls and offices) in Hong Kong and the Mainland of China. It operates through the six business segments: Hong Kong Transport Operations, Hong Kong Station Commercial Business, Hong Kong Property Rental and Management Businesses, Hong Kong Property Developments, Other Businesses and Mainland of China and International Affiliates and Other businesses. The Hong Kong transport operations segment operates services on the urban mass transit railway system, the Airport Express, cross-boundary railway connection and bus feeder with railway system. The Hong Kong station commercial business segment includes letting of advertising, retail and car parking space at railway stations. It also provides telecommunication and bandwidth services in railway premises and other commercial activities. The Hong Kong Property Rental and Management Businesses segment engages in the letting of retail, office and car parking space and the provision of estate management services in Hong Kong. The Hong Kong Property Developments segment offer property development activities at locations near the railway systems in Hong Kong. The Mainland of China and international subsidiaries segment engages in the operation and maintenance of mass transit railway systems including station commercial activities outside of Hong Kong and letting of retail spaces, provision of estate management services and development of properties in the Mainland of China. The Other Businesses segment business not directly relating to transport operations or properties. It comprises cable car operation, railway construction business and project management services. MTR was founded in 1975 and is headquartered in Hong Kong.