Auto & Truck Manufacturers
1945
India
Pawan Goenka
20,366
$14B
Mumbai
Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. manufactures different range of automotive vehicles, agricultural tractors, implements and industrial engines. Through its subsidiaries, the company operates in industries such as aerospace, aftermarket, agribusiness, automotive, components, construction equipment, consulting services, defense, energy, farm equipment, finance and insurance, industrial equipment, information technology, leisure and hospitality, logistics, real estate, retail, and two wheelers. The company's portfolio comprises of aRead More wide spectrum of vehicles from two wheelers to heavy trucks, SUVs to school buses. Its services include maintenance and repairs, customization, providing spares, and manufacturing and engineering. The company specializes in consulting on automotive style, engineering, computer-aided engineering, and project management. It also offers concept definition for two wheelers, passenger vehicles, and light and heavy trucks. The company manufactures a wide range of light commercial vehicles and heavy commercial vehicles that are rugged, reliable, environmentally friendly and fuel-efficient. Through a joint venture with Navistar Inc, it produces diesel engines for medium and heavy commercial vehicles in India. The company operates through two segments: Business and Secondary. The Business segment consists of following segments. The Automotive Segment comprises of sales of automobiles, spare parts and related services. The Farm Equipment Segment comprises of sales of tractors, spare parts and related services. The IT Services comprises of services rendered for IT and Telecom. The Financial Services comprise of services relating to financing, leasing and hire purchase of automobiles and tractors. The Steel Trading and Processing comprises of trading and processing of steel. The Infrastructure comprise of operating of commercial complexes, project management and development. The Hospitality comprises of sale of Vacation ownership. The Systech comprises of automotive components and other related products and services. The Others comprise of Logistics, After-market, Two wheelers, Investments etc. The Secondary Segment consist of two segments: Domestic and Overseas. The Domestic segment includes sales to customers located in India and service income accrued in India. The Overseas segment includes sales and services rendered to customers located outside India. The company was founded by Jagdish Chandra Mahindra and Kailash Chandra Mahindra on October 2, 1945 and is headquartered in Mumbai, India.