Computer Services
1989
Ireland
Pierre Nanterme
449,000
$39.1B
Dublin
Accenture plc is a global professional services company, providing services and solutions in strategy, consulting, digital, technology and operations. The company's business is structured around five operating groups, which together comprise thirteen industry groups serving clients in major industries around the world, namely, Communications, Media & Technology, Financial Services, Health & Public Service, Products and Resources. The Communications, Media & Technology operating group serves the communications, electronicsRead More and high tech, and media and entertainment industries. The Communications industry group serves wireline, wireless, cable and satellite communications and service providers. The Electronics & High Tech industry group serves the information and communications technology, software, semiconductor, consumer electronics, aerospace and defense, and medical equipment industries. The Media & Entertainment industry group serves the broadcast, entertainment, print, publishing and Internet/social media industries. The Financial Services operating group serves the banking, capital markets and insurance industries. The Banking & Capital Markets industry group serves retail and commercial banks, mortgage lenders, investment banks, wealth and asset management firms, broker/dealers, depositories, exchanges, clearing and settlement organizations, and other diversified financial enterprises. The Insurance industry group serves property and casualty insurers, life insurers, reinsurance firms and insurance brokers. The Health & Public Service operating group serves healthcare payers and providers, as well as government departments and agencies, public service organizations, educational institutions and non-profit organizations around the world. The Health industry group works with healthcare providers, such as hospitals, public health systems, policy-making authorities, health insurers (payers), and industry organizations and associations around the world to improve the quality, accessibility and productivity of healthcare. The Public Service industry group helps governments transform the way they deliver public services and engage with citizens. The Products operating group serves a set of increasingly interconnected consumer-relevant industries, and comprises the following industry groups: Consumer Goods, Retail & Travel Services, Industrial and Life Sciences. The Consumer Goods, Retail & Travel Services industry group serves food and beverage, household goods, personal care, tobacco, fashion/apparel, agribusiness and consumer health companies; supermarkets, hardline retailers, mass-merchandise discounters, department stores and specialty retailers; as well as airlines and hospitality and travel services companies. The Industrial industry group works with automotive manufacturers and suppliers; freight and logistics companies; industrial and electrical equipment, consumer durable and heavy equipment companies; and construction and infrastructure management companies. The Life Sciences industry group serves pharmaceutical, medical technology and biotechnology companies. The Resources operating group serves the chemicals, energy, forest products, metals and mining, utilities and related industries. The Resources operating group comprises the following industry groups: Chemicals & Natural Resources, Energy and Utilities. The Chemicals & Natural Resources industry group works with a wide range of industry segments, including petrochemicals, specialty chemicals, polymers and plastics, gases and agricultural chemicals, as well as the metals, mining, forest products and building materials industries. The Energy industry group serves a wide range of companies in the oil and gas industry, including upstream, downstream, oil services and new energy companies. The Utilities industry group works with electric, gas and water utilities around the world. The company was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland.