Computer Services
1998
United States
Sundar Pichai
53,600
$66B
Mountain View, California
Google, Inc. focuses on improving the ways people connect with information. It provides variety of services and tools for advertisers of all sizes, from simple text ads to display and mobile advertising and to publishers, whether small or large. The company primarily focuses on the areas which include search, advertising, operating systems, platforms, enterprise and hardware products. The search area consists of a vast index of websites and other online content which is made available through its search engine to anyoneRead More with an Internet connection. The advertising area includes AdWords, AdSense, Google Display, Google Mobile programs and Google Local. Google Mobile offers on developing easy-to-use ad products to help advertisers extend their reach the publisher partners, and deliver relevant and useful ads to users on the go. Google Local provides users with relevant local information, including addresses, phone numbers, hours of operation, directions and local queries like shops, restaurants, parks and landmarks right on Google.com, on Google Maps and on Google Maps for mobile. The AdWords program delivers ads which are useful and relevant to search queries. The AdSense program enables websites that are part of the Google Network to deliver ads. The Display advertising program comprises the videos, text, images and other interactive ads that run across the web on computers and mobile devices, including smart phones and handheld computers such as netbooks and tablets. The operating systems and platform area is comprised of Android, Google Chrome OS and Google Chrome, Google TV and Google Books. Android is a free, fully open source mobile software platform which can be used by any developer to create applications for mobile devices. Google Chrome OS is an open source operating system with the Google Chrome web browser as its foundation. Both the Google Chrome OS and the Google Chrome browser are built around the core tenets of speed, simplicity, and security. Google TV is a platform that gives consumers the power to experience television and the Internet on a single screen, with the ability to search and find the content they want to watch. The Google Books platform is designed to help people discover, search and consume content from printed books online. Google's enterprise products area provides familiar, easy-to-use Google technology for business settings. The company operates through two segments: Google and Mobile: The Google segment includes the advertising and other non-advertising businesses. The Mobile segment includes mobile devices business acquired from Motorola. The company was founded by Sergey Brin & Lawrence E. Page on September 4, 1998 and is headquartered in Mountain View, CA.