Diversified Insurance
1902
Australia
Michael Cameron
13,400
$10.7B
Brisbane
Suncorp Group Ltd. engages in the business of provision of general insurance, banking, life insurance, superannuation products and related services to the retail, corporate and commercial sectors in Australia and New Zealand. The company operates through the following segments: Personal Insurance, Commercial Insurance, General Insurance, Banking, Life and Corporate. The Personal Insurance segment engages in the provision of personal insurance products to customers in Australia, including home and contents insurance, motorRead More insurance, boat insurance and travel insurance. The Commercial Insurance segment engages in the business of provision of commercial insurance products to customers in Australia, including commercial motor insurance, commercial property insurance, marine insurance, industrial special risks insurance, public liability and professional indemnity insurance, worker's compensation insurance and compulsory third party insurance. The General Insurance segment engages in the provision of general insurance products to customers in New Zealand, including home and contents insurance, motor insurance, marine insurance, business insurance, rural insurance, construction and engineering insurance, travel insurance, public liability and professional indemnity, and directors' and officers' liability insurance. The Banking segment engages in the provision of personal and commercial banking, agribusiness, property and equipment finance, home, personal and small business loans, savings and transaction accounts and foreign exchange and treasury products and services in Australia. The Life segment engages in the provision of life insurance products, superannuation administration services, financial planning and funds administration services in Australia and New Zealand. The Corporate segment deals with investment of the Suncorp Group's capital, business strategy activities and group shared services. Suncorp Group was founded on December 1, 1996 and is headquartered in Brisbane, Australia.