Food Processing
2012
United States
John Cahill
22,100
$18.2B
Northfield, Illinois
Kraft Foods Group, Inc. manufactures and markets food and beverage products, including convenient meals, refreshment beverages and coffee, cheese and other grocery products. The company operates its business through six segments: Beverages, Cheese, Refrigerated Meals, Meals & Desserts, Enhancers & Snack Nuts and Canada. The Beverages segment includes Maxwell House, Gevalia, and Yuban coffees; Tassimo hot beverage system; Capri Sun and Kool-Aid packaged juice drinks; Crystal Light, Kool-Aid, and Country Time powderedRead More beverages; and MiO liquid concentrate. The Cheese segment includes Kraft and Cracker Barrel natural cheeses; Philadelphia cream cheese; Kraft and Deli Deluxe processed cheese slices; Velveeta and Cheez Whiz processed cheeses; Kraft grated cheeses; Polly-O and Athenos cheese; and Breakstone's and Knudsen cottage cheese and sour cream. The Refrigerated Meals segment includes Oscar Mayer cold cuts, hot dogs, and bacon; Lunchables lunch combinations; Claussen pickles; and Boca soy-based meat alternatives. The Meals & Desserts segment includes Kraft and Kraft Deluxe macaroni and cheese dinners; Velveeta shells and cheese dinners; JELL-O dry packaged desserts; JELL-O refrigerated gelatin and pudding snacks; Cool Whip whipped topping; Stove Top stuffing mix; Jet-Puffed marshmallows; Velveeta Cheesy Skillets and Taco Bell Home Originals (under license) meal kits; Shake 'N Bake coatings; and Baker's chocolate and baking ingredients. The Enhancers & Snack Nuts segment includes Planters nuts, peanut butter, and trail mixes; Kraft Mayo and Miracle Whip spoonable dressings; Kraft and Good Seasons salad dressings; A.1. steak sauce; Kraft and Bull's-Eye barbecue sauces; and Grey Poupon premium mustards. The Canada segment includes Canadian brand offerings include Kraft peanut butter and Nabob coffee, as well as a range of products bearing brand names similar to those marketed in the U.S. Kraft Foods Group was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Northfield, IL.