Diversified Chemicals
1950
South Africa
Stephen Cornell
30,900
$13.2B
Johannesburg
Sasol Ltd. engages in the manufacture of industrial chemicals. It develops and commercializes technologies to produce a range of product streams, including liquid fuels, chemicals and low-carbon electricity. It operates through the following segments: South African Energy Cluster, International Energy Cluster, Chemical Cluster, and Other businesses. The South African Energy Cluster segment comprises of the following divisions: Sasol Oil, which handles crude oil refining activities as well as blending and marketing liquidRead More fuels and lubricants; Sasol Gas division distributes and markets Mozambican which produced natural gas and Secunda which produced methane-rich gas to customers in the Gauteng, Mpumalanga, Free State, North-West and KwaZulu-Natal provinces of South Africa. Sasol Synfuels, which produce synthesis gas through coal gasification and natural gas reforming, uses its proprietary technology to convert synthesis gas into synthetic fuel components, chemical feedstock and pipeline gas. Sasol Mining, which include the mining and supply of coal to other segments including Sasol Synfuels, other entities and to third parties. . The International Energy Cluster segment comprises of the following divisions: Sasol Petroleum International, which manages and develops its upstream natural oil and gas exploration and production interests; and Sasol Synfuels International, which handles development, implementation and management of international ventures. The Chemical Cluster consists of businesses that produce polymers, solvents, surfactants, aluminas, waxes, fertilizers, explosives and phenolics. It operates through the following divisions: Sasol Polymers, which produces and markets monomers, polymers and chlor-alkali chemicals; Sasol Solvents, which manufactures and markets various solvents and co-monomers; Sasol Olefins & Surfactants, which manufactures and markets surfactants, alcohols, linear alkylbenzene, inorganic specialty chemicals, oleochemicals as well as other organic intermediate chemicals; Sasol Solvents, supply a diverse range of solvents, comonomers, acrylates and associated products; Sasol Nitro, which manufactures and markets ammonia, industrial explosives, blasting accessories and fertilizers; Sasol Wax, which manufactures and markets waxes, petroleum jellies and liquid paraffins; Sasol Infrachem, which converts natural gas into synthesis gas for use as petrochemical feedstock; and Merisol, which manufactures and markets phenolic products. The Other businesses segment involves in technology research and development, generation of low-carbon electricity, and its financing activities as well as alternative energy activities. The company was founded in 1950 and is headquartered in Johannesburg, South Africa.