Internet & Catalog Retail
1994
United States
Michael George
28,170
$11.3B
Englewood, Colorado
Liberty Interactive Corp. owns interests in subsidiaries and other companies which are primarily engaged in the video and on-line commerce industries. The company's principal businesses and assets include its significant consolidated subsidiaries: QVC, Inc., Backcountry.com, Inc., Bodybuilding.com LLC, CommerceHub and Evite, Inc and its equity affiliates Expedia, Inc., HSN, Inc., FTD Companies, Inc., Interval Leisure Group, Inc. and LendingTree, Inc. QVC markets and sells a wide variety of consumer products primarilyRead More through live televised shopping programs distributed to worldwide households. Backcountry operates as an e-retailer for outdoor adventure, cycling, action sports and motorcycle gear and clothing. Bodybuilding is an Internet retailer of sports, fitness, and nutritional supplements. It also hosts an online health-and-fitness publication, offering free fitness content, workout programs, video trainers, recipes and health advice. CommerceHub provides a Software-as-a-Service platform for online retailers and their suppliers (manufacturers, and distributors). The retailers use the company's software to sell products to consumers without physically owning inventory, or managing the fulfillment of those products. Evite provides an online invitation and social event planning service on the web. HSN is an interactive multi-channel retailer with strong direct-to-consumer expertise among its two operating segments, HSN and Cornerstone Brands. HSN offers innovative, differentiated retail experiences on TV, online, mobile, in catalogs, and in bricks-and-mortar stores. Cornerstone Brands comprises home and apparel lifestyle brands, including Ballard Design, Frontgate, Garnet Hill, Grandin Road, Improvements, Chasing Fireflies and Travelsmith. Expedia is an online travel company, empowering business and leisure travelers with the tools and information they need to efficiently research, plan, book and experience travel. FTD is a premier floral and gifting company that provides floral, gift and related products and services to consumers, retail florists, and other retail locations and companies in need of floral and gifting solutions. Interval Leisure Group is a global provider of membership and leisure services to the vacation industry. LendingTree is the owner of several brands and businesses that provide information, tools, advice, products and services for critical transactions in their customers' lives. Liberty Interactive was founded on September 23, 2011 and is headquartered in Englewood, CO.