Regional Banks
1918
Hong Kong
David LI Kwok-po
9,978
$3.6B
Hong Kong
Bank of East Asia Ltd. engages in the provision of banking and related financial services, and business, corporate and investor services. The company operates its business through nine segments: Personal Banking, Corporate Banking, Treasury Markets, Wealth Management, Financial Institutions, Other Hong Kong Banking Operations, China Operations, Overseas Operations, Corporate Services, and Other Businesses. The Personal Banking segment includes branch operations, personal internet banking, consumer finance, and propertyRead More loans and credit card business. The Corporate Banking segment includes corporate lending and loan syndication, asset based lending, commercial lending, and securities lending in Hong Kong. The Treasury Markets segment includes treasury operations and securities dealing. The Wealth Management segment includes private banking business and related assets. The Financial Institutions segment includes trade financing activities with correspondent banks. The Other Hong Kong Banking Operations segment includes insurance business, trust business, securities & futures broking, money lender activities and corporate financial advisory in Hong Kong. The China Operations segment includes the back office unit for China operations in Hong Kong, all branches and subsidiaries in China, except those subsidiaries carrying out corporate services, data processing, and other back office operations and associates operated in China. The Overseas Operations segment includes the back office unit for overseas operations in Hong Kong, overseas branches and subsidiaries, except those subsidiaries carrying out corporate services, and associates operated in overseas. The Corporate Services segment includes company secretarial services, share registration and business services, and offshore corporate and trust services. The Other Businesses segment includes insurance business, property-related business, supporting units of Hong Kong operations, investment properties, bank premises, and the net results of associates and other subsidiaries. The company was founded in 1918 and is headquartered in Hong Kong.