Electronics
1959
Japan
Goro Yamaguchi
69,789
$14.2B
Kyoto
Kyocera Corp. engages in the design, development, production, and sale of advanced materials, components, devices, equipment, networks, and services. It operates through the following segments: Fine Ceramic Parts Group, Semiconductor Parts Group, Applied Ceramic Products Group, Electronic Device Group, Telecommunications Equipment Group, Information Equipment Group, and Others. The Fine Ceramic Parts Group segment provides components for semiconductor processing equipment, flat panel display manufacturing equipment,Read More information and telecommunication, general industrial machinery, sapphire substrates, and automotive. The Semiconductor Parts Group segment caters ceramic packages for crystal and saw devices, ceramic metal oxide semiconductor / charge coupled device image sensor ceramic packages, large scale integration ceramic packages, wireless communication device packages, optical communication device packages and components, and organic multilayer packages. The Applied Ceramic Products Group segment handles the residential and commercial use solar power generating systems, solar cells and modules, cutting tools, micro drills, medical and dental implants, and jewelry and applied ceramic products. The Electronic Device Group segment offers ceramic capacitors, tantalum capacitors, saw devices, radio frequency modules, electromagnetic interference filters, clock oscillators, crystal units, ceramic resonators, optical low pass filters, connectors, thermal print heads, inkjet print heads, amorphous silicon photoreceptor drums, liquid crystal displays, and touch panel. The Telecommunications Equipment Group segment markets mobile phones, and personal handy phone system handsets and base stations. The Information Equipment Group segment distributes monochrome and color printers, multifunctional products, wide format systems, document solutions, application software, and supplies. The Others segment administers information systems and telecommunication services, engineering business, management consulting business, epoxy molding compounds for semiconductor encapsulation, electrical insulators, flexible printed circuit sheet materials, synthetic resin molded parts, realty development business, and light emitting diode lighting systems. The company was founded by Kazuo Inamori on April 1, 1959 and is headquartered in Kyoto, Japan.